---
layout: post
title:  Why Become a Web Developer
date:   2016-05-18 21:15:48 +0000
---


Each time someone asks me this question, I find it difficult to answer sometimes. Maybe its because I've dove into so many different career changes, that I find myself answering this question many different ways. Before my journey to become a web dev began, I graduated with B.A in Communications, became a tennis instructor, enrolled into a fire academy, and was a staffing analyst for Google. I don't regret pursuing any of these career paths, however, it begins to take a toll on me being able to find my "passion". Finding a job has never been difficult for me, but being able to find a career that best suited my lifestyle has always been a struggle. It was a mixture of excuses and reality that made me want to stop what I was doing and to pursue something else. After traveling for a month in South East Asia, I did some career soul searching and focused on what was most important to me when finding my next career path: in-demand, remote work, and creativity. My first real thirst of programming began during my time as a staffing analyst when our team would create multifunctional tools to organize employees schedules and stores using mainly Microsoft Excel. After finding how useful Excel code was, I enrolled into a beginner javascipt class at a bootcamp without any previous experience. Although the material was pretty difficult, being exposed to any code just as beneficial. I found that trying to learn code while working would take me awhile as I also tend to take longer to retain information. Also, since my contract as an analyst was ending, I thought that this would be a good opportunity to learn code full-time. 

When I started my program in January with Flatiron Learn, I've learned that this journey of self-learning will be a continual process. I have a few friends that have gone through boot camps and have retained jobs afterwards, but I decided that learning this skill at my own pace would be both suitable for my learning style and budget. Becoming a developer has been a combination of all the things I've pursued in my career. My past has taught me the lessons on what I enjoy and can do without during my job. 
